>> THE KENTUCKY DERBY HAS
OFFICIALLY BEEN POSTPONED DUE TO
THE VIRUS.
CHURCHILL DOWN PUSHED THE DERBY
BACK FOUR MONTHS FROM MAY 2 TO
SEPTEMBER 5.
THIS WILL BE THE FIRST TIME IT
WON'T BE RUN ON THE FIRST
SATURDAY IN MAY.
>> WELCOME, RACE FANS, TO
CHURCHILL DOWNS.
THIS IS CURT CANTER COMING TO
YOU QUARANTINED FROM THE
ANNOUNCER BOOTH, DRUNK ON MINT
JULEPS AND LOOKING AT AN EMPTY
RACE TRACK.
THAT'S RIGHT-- I'M ALL ALONE
WITH ONLY MY THOUGHTS AND
FEELINGS TO KEEP MY COMPANY, AND
MY THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS ARE
LINING UP AT THE GATE.
LET'S GO DOWN TO MY MIND TRACK.
♪ ♪ ♪
AND THEY'RE OFF!
GENERALIZED ANXIETY IS QUICK OUT
OF THE GATE.
FOLLOWED BY FEAR OF THE UNKNOWN.
AND PRONE TO PANIC IN THIRD.
AND HERE COMES DOES THIS COUGH
MEAN ANYTHING?
DOES THIS COUGH MEAN ANYTHING ON
THE OUTSIDE TRACK.
AND WHAT'S THIS?
CHARGING FROM THE BACK OF THE
PACK, MAYBE THIS WILL ALL JUST
BLOW OVER COMING ON STRONG.
MAYBE THIS WILL ALL JUST BLOW
OVER CHALLENGING FOR THE LEAD.
OH, MAYBE THIS WILL ALL JUST
BLOW OVER HAS BUCKED ITS RIDER
AND IS RUNNING THE OTHER WAY.
AND IT'S GENERALIZED ANXIETY BY
THREE LENGTHS.
GENERALIZED ANXIETY TAKES THE
ROSES.
THOUGH IT'S PROBABLY ALLERGIC.
FROM ALL OF ME AT CHURCHILL
DOWNS, I'M GOING TO NEED ANOTHER
MINT JULEP.
>> IT'S A LATE SHOW WITH STEPHEN
COLBERT.
TONIGHT, CANCEL CULTURE!
GOVERNOR CHRIS CHRISTIE
AND MUSICAL GUEST NATHANIEL
WITH JON BATISTE AND STAY
HOMIN'.
AND NOW LIVE ON TAPE FROM A SAFE
DISTANCE, IT'S STEPHEN COLBERT!
>> Stephen: OH, HI.
WELCOME TO MY PERCH UP IN THE
BREEZE.
ON MONDAY, IT WAS WATER.
YESTERDAY, IT WAS FIRE.
SO TODAY, IT'S "THE LIGHT SHOW
WITH STEPHEN COLB-AIR."
I'M ALSO UP HERE AMONG THE
TREES, BECAUSE I READ ON
FACEBOOK THAT VIRUSES ARE AFRAID
OF STAIRS.
THEY'RE LIKE COWS OR DONALD
TRUMP.
WE HAVE A NEW MONOLOGUE FOR YOU
TONIGHT.
THE REST OF TONIGHT'S EPISODE
WAS PREVIOUSLY RECORDED IN THE
BEFORE-TIMES.
THE CORONAVIRUS CRISIS CONTINUES
TO BE EVERYWHERE.
AFTER TRUMP MADE A BIG DEAL
ABOUT IT NOT BEING IN WEST
VIRGINIA, LAST NIGHT WE FOUND
OUT THAT WEST VIRGINIA IS THE
50th STATE TO REPORT A
CORONAVIRUS CASE.
SO NOW WE'RE ALL IN THIS
TOGETHER.
NO RED STATES OR BLUE STATES--
JUST 50 ANXIOUS PALE STATES.
THIS IS A CRISIS THAT WE
HAVE TO FACE TOGETHER...
BY STAYING AS FAR APART AS
POSSIBLE.
LOCAL GOVERNMENTS ALL OVER
AMERICA ARE PLACING RESTRICTIONS
THEIR CITIZENS' MOVEMENTS.
YESTERDAY, FLORIDA'S GOVERNOR
ANNOUNCED THAT BEACH PARTIES
SHOULD BE LIMITED TO GROUPS OF
10 PEOPLE.
YOU KNOW IT'S SERIOUS WHEN
FLORIDA STARTS ENFORCING RULES.
REMEMBER, THEIR STATE
MOTTO IS "CAN YOU HUFF THIS?"
ONE OF THE HOT ZONES IS NEW YORK
CITY, AND YESTERDAY, MAYOR
BILL de BLASIO TOLD NEW YORKERS
TO GET READY FOR THE WORST.
>> I THINK THE RIGHT GUIDANCE TO
GIVE ALL NEW YORKERS IS
EVEN THOUGH A DECISION HAS NOT
BEEN MADE BY THE CITY OR BY THE
STATE, I THINK NEW YORKERS
SHOULD BE PREPARED RIGHT NOW FOR
THE POSSIBILITY OF A
SHELTER-IN-PLACE ORDER.
>> Stephen: "SHELTER IN PLACE"
MEANS THAT NO ONE IS ALLOWED OUT
OF THEIR RESIDENCE, EXCEPT FOR
ESSENTIAL TRIPS TO GROCERY
STORES AND PHARMACIES.
OR AS ONE NEW YORKER PUT IT:
>> "I CAN'T BE WALKIN' HERE!"
I CAN'T BE WALKING HERE.
YOU SON OF A BENEFICIARY ITCH.
UP YOURS.
>> Stephen: SHORTLY AFTER THAT,
GOVERNOR CUOMO'S OFFICE
RESPONDED WITH THIS STATEMENT:
"ANY BLANKET QUARANTINE OR
SHELTER-IN-PLACE POLICY WOULD
REQUIRE STATE ACTION, AND AS THE
GOVERNOR HAS SAID, THERE IS NO
CONSIDERATION OF THAT FOR ANY
LOCALITY AT THIS TIME."
MAYOR de BLASIO, GOVERNOR CUOMO,
THE NATION IS IN CRISIS.
THIS IS NO TIME FOR A PISSING
MATCH.
YOU SHOULD BE SAVING YOUR URINE
IN JARS, JUST LIKE THE REST OF
US.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO
DO THAT, RIGHT?
I READ IT ON FACEBOOK.
BUT THERE ARE SOME OFFICIALS WHO
AGREE WITH EACH OTHER, LIKE
CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR GAVIN
NEWSOM, WHO SAID YESTERDAY,
"I DON'T THINK THE SCHOOLS ARE
GOING TO OPEN AGAIN."
AND THAT WAS CONFIRMED BY
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION ALICE
COOPER IN HIS STATEMENT:
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT FOR SUMMER
SCHOOL'S OUT FOREVER ♪
♪ NO MORE TEACHERS, NO MORE--
OH, WE'RE BACK.
DESPITE THE CORONAVIRUS,
YESTERDAY, THERE WERE THREE
DEMOCRATIC PRIMARIES IN ARIZONA,
ILLINOIS, AND FLORIDA, AND JOE
BIDEN WON ALL THREE.
STRANGELY, NOT THAT BIG A STORY
TODAY.
IT'S LIKE THE EQUIVALENT OF TWO
OLD MEN PLAYING "MONOPOLY" WHILE
THEIR HOUSE BURNS DOWN.
TECHNICALLY, SOMEBODY WON, BUT
THAT'S NOT REALLY WHAT WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT THE NEXT DAY.
IT WAS A GOOD OLD-FASHIONED BUTT
KICKING.
BIDEN WON FLORIDA BY ALMOST 40
POINTS.
HE DOMINATED IN EVERY MAJOR
FLORIDA DEMOGRAPHIC: SENIORS,
SNAKE OWNERS, METH ADDICTS,
SENIOR METH ADDICTS.
SNAKES.
IN ALL, BIDEN HAS NOW WON 19 OF
THE LAST 24 STATE PRIMARIES.
BUT SINCE WE'VE ALL BEEN BUSY
PAYING ATTENTION TO MORE URGENT
MATTERS, YOU MAY HAVE MISSED ALL
THE OTHER THINGS BIDEN HAS
WON RECENTLY, LIKE "THE
BACHELOR," THE NEW PALTZ COUNTY
FAIR PIE-EATING CONTEST,
BEST SALSA ALBUM AT THE LATIN
GRAMMYS, THE WESTMINSTER DOG
SHOW, AND HE SUCCESSFULLY
GUESSED WHICH STATION PLAYS
THE MOST HITS...
KXCO, WITH "T-BONE AND MANGOAT
IN THE MORNING."
I'M REALLY WORRIED ABOUT
MANGOAT.
I READ ON FACEBOOK THAT THERE'S
A MAN-TO-GOAT TRANSMISSION.
NOW, THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF
SPECULATION THAT BERNIE
SANDERS IS GOING TO DROP OUT
NOW, AND TRUMP WEIGHED IN THIS
MORNING, TRYING TO ENRAGE THE
BERNIE BUNCH:
"THE D.N.C. WILL HAVE GOTTEN
THEIR FONDEST WISH AND DEFEATED
BERNIE SANDERS, FAT AHEAD OF
SCHEDULE."
YES, "FAT AHEAD OF EQUAL."
ANOTHER MISTYPING BY A MAN WITH
VERY FAR FINGERS.
HE'S NOT THE FIRST TO MAKE THIS
TYPING ERROR.
I MEAN, I'M OLD ENOUGH TO
REMEMBER THAT THE ORIGINAL
OPENING OF STAR WARS WAS
"A LONG TIME AGO IN A GALAXY
FAT, FAT AWAY."
WE'VE ALL BEEN READING A LOT OF
SCARY RUMORS ONLINE YESTERDAY
BUT THERE WAS ONE POSITIVE ONE
YESTERDAY.
>> FIRST I DID NOT KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANT, BECAUSE WATCHING THE
FILM ITSELF FELT
LIKE GETTING YOUR BUTTHOLE CUT.
TURNS OUT, A TWITTER USER POSTED
THAT HE HAD A CLOSE FRIEND WHO
WORKED ON "CATS," AND "HIS
ENTIRE JOB WAS TO REMOVE C.G.I.
BUTTHOLES THAT HAD BEEN INSERTED
A FEW MONTHS BEFORE."
WHICH MEANS THAT SOMEWHERE OUT
THERE, THERE EXISTS A BUTTHOLE
CUT OF "CATS" STARRING
JAMES CORNHOLE,
DAME JUDI STENCH,
SIR IAN McSMELLIN',
AND, OF COURSE, ANUS ELBA.
GET WELL SOON, ANUS.
OF COURSE, THIS STORY SPREAD
LIKE WILDFIRE, AND FANS STARTED
DEMANDING THE "CATS SPHINCTER
EDITION," WITH THE HASHTAG
"RELEASE THE BUTTHOLE CUT."
EVERYONE JOINED IN WITH THIS
DEMAND: CELEBRITIES, FAMOUS
DIRECTORS, EVEN LIAM NEESON:
>> RELEASE THE BUTT HOLE!
>> Stephen: BUT THIS DEMAND
COULD APPLY TO ANY MOVIE.
I WANT THE BUTTHOLE CUT OF
"AVENGERS"!
THAT'S THE REAL ENDGAME!
CORONAVIRUS HAS BEEN THE ONLY
THING ON ANYONE'S MIND FOR DAYS
NOW.
BUT SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST FINDING
OUT ABOUT IT, LIKE JARED LETO,
AND THIS IS TRUE--
WHO ONLY YESTERDAY BECAME AWARE
OF CORONAVIRUS AFTER RETURNING
FROM A 12-DAY ISOLATED
MEDITATION TRIP.
MAN, IT MUST SUCK TO RETURN FROM
ISOLATION ONLY TO HAVE TO FIND
OUT YOU HAVE TO GO BACK INTO
ISOLATION, ESPECIALLY SINCE
LETO'S LAST ENTRY IN HIS VISION
JOURNAL SAID, "DAY 12 OF
ISOLATION.
CAN'T WAIT TO GET BACK AND SPEND
TIME WITH GROUPS OF TEN OR MORE
PEOPLE WHILE WE KISS ON THE
MOUTH.
BUT FIRST STOP IS THE STORE.
I'M ALL OUT OF TOILET PAPER!"
I'M SURE THERE ARE OTHERS OUT
THERE CUT OFF FROM THE NEWS, AND
IF YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE,
LET ME CATCH YOU UP ON THE MOST
IMPORTANT STORIES OF OUR
LIFETIMES.
THERE MIGHT BE A BUTT HOLE
EDITION OF CATS.
FOLKS, I SPEND A LOT OF TIME
RIGHT OVER THERE IN MANHATTAN,
PULLING TOGETHER THE BIGGEST
STORIES OF THE DAY, BROADCAST-
QUALITY CAMERAS, AND A
PROFESSIONALLY LIT THEATER TO
BRING YOU THE MONOLOGUE THAT IS
MY MONOLOGUE.
BUT SOMETIMES, I LIKE TO
SELF-QUARANTINE, PUT MY iPAD ON
TOP OF A PLANT STAND, SIT ON MY
BACKPORCH, AND
DELIVER THE SLAPDASH,
WEB-STREAMING LO RES MANIFESTO
OF NEWS THAT IS MY SEGMENT:
>> MEANWHILE!
MEANWHILE IS GOING TO SOLVE
EVERYTHING.
HERE WE GO.
OF COURSE, NOW THAT WE'RE ALL
SELF-SEQUESTERING, ALL OF
"MEANWHILE" IS NOW MY
MEANWHILE SUB-SEGMENT
"QUARANTINE-WHILE."
AN OREGON POLICE DEPARTMENT IS
ASKING RESIDENTS TO STOP CALLING
911 BECAUSE THEY'VE RUN OUT OF
TOILET PAPER.
YES, IF YOU'RE RUNNING OUT OF
TOILET PAPER, DON'T DIAL 911.
THE NUMBER FOR THAT IS 922.
POLICE SUGGESTED THAT IF YOU DO
RUN OUT OF TOILET PAPER-- AND
THIS IS TRUE-- YOU COULD USE
RECEIPT PAPERS, NEWSPAPERS, OR
CLOTH RAGS.
YES, NEWSPAPERS.
AND THEY SAID PRINT IS DEAD.
ALTHOUGH, I GET MOST OF MY NEWS
ONLINE, SO I HAVE SOME TERRIBLE
NEWS FOR MY iPAD.
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT EVEN
EXPLAINED THAT "SEAMEN USED OLD
ROPE AND ANCHOR LINES SOAKED IN
SALT WATER."
AND WHEN YOU WIND UP WITH SALTY
TWINE SPLINTERS WHERE THE SUN
DON'T SHINE, THEN YOU CALL 911.
THOUGH I'VE GOT TO SAY, THEY'RE
OVERLOOKING THE CLEAREST
SOLUTION TO THIS TOILET PAPER
SHORTAGE: JUST HAVE THE EDITORS
OF "CATS" DIGITALLY REMOVE YOUR
BUTTHOLE.
QUARANTINE-WHILE, IT'S IMPORTANT
IN THESE DARK TIMES TO TAKE IT
EASY ON OURSELVES AND RECOGNIZE
THIS IS NEW FOR EVERYONE, AND
WE'RE ALL GOING TO MAKE
MISTAKES, LIKE THIS WOMAN WHO
REALIZED SHE'S BEEN WASHING HER
HANDS WITH A BLOCK OF CHEESE.
HEY, DON'T JUDGE HER UNTIL
YOU'VE TRIED HER MAC N' IRISH
SPRING.
IT WAS AN EASY MISTAKE.
SHE EXPLAINED "THE CHEESE HAD
BEEN LEFT OUT ON THE COUNTER
AND HAD DRIED OUT," ADDING,
"I AM HOUSESITTING AND HIGH AS
HELL."
DO NOT LET THIS WOMAN BABYSIT.
( AS IF STONED )
"HEY!
WELCOME HOME!
THE CHEESE IS ASLEEP, THE
KIDS ARE ON CRACKERS, AND I ATE
ALL YOUR SOAP.
I AM HIGH AS HELL!"
QUARANTINE-WHILE, BROOKLYN NETS
PLAYER KEVIN DURANT HAS TESTED
POSITIVE FOR THE CORONAVIRUS,
AND NOW AT LEAST SEVEN N.B.A.
PLAYERS ARE KNOWN TO HAVE TESTED
POSITIVE.
I GOTTA SAY, THAT'S A SUSPICIOUS
ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE.
AS ONE REPORTER TWEETED,
"DEAR BROOKLYN NETS, HOW DID AN
ENTIRE BASKETBALL TEAM OF
ASYMPTOMATIC PEOPLE GET TESTS IN
NEW YORK, A PLACE WHERE TESTING
IS IN SUCH SHORT SUPPLY?"
THAT'S ACTUALLY THE C.D.S.'S
FAULT.
THEY ACTUALLY PUT ALL THE
CORONAVIRUS TESTS ON A VERY HIGH
SHELF.
MEANWHILE, THE SEX INDUSTRY IS
BEING AFFECTED BY THE PANDEMIC.
"MANY PORN ACTORS ARE AVOIDING
CONTACT WITH OTHER PERFORMERS
AND SUFFERING FINANCIALLY IN THE
PROCESS."
UNFORTUNATELY, PEOPLE AREN'T
FLOCKING TO THE NO-CONTACT ADULT
FILMS LIKE:
"DEBBIE DOES DISTANCING," AND
"DEEP SWAB."
ONE ADULT DANCER IN A HIGH-END
STRIP CLUB SAID, "IF YOU'RE IN A
PRIVATE ROOM AND SOMEONE IS
CARRYING CORONAVIRUS, YOU WILL
INVARIABLY GET SICK.
I GUESS YOU COULD TRY TO DANCE
STRATEGICALLY, BUT MAYBE YOU CAN
GET IT IF SOMEONE COUGHS ON YOUR
BUTTHOLE."
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO FOR A
LIVING, I THINK WE ALL JUST WANT
TO GO BACK TO A TIME WHEN YOU
DIDN'T HAVE TO WORRY EVERY TIME
EVERY TIME SOMEONE COUGHED ON
YOUR BUTTHOLE.
THAT'S WHY ANUS ELBA HAD HIS
REMOVED. REMOVED.
QUARANTINE-WHILE, ACTOR,
GOVERNOR, AND ROBOT ASSASSIN
FROM THE FUTURE, ARNOLD
SCHWARZENEGGER POSTED A VIDEO TO
TWITTER OF HIS SELF-ISOLATION
WITH A DONKEY AND A MINI
HORSE.
>> WE DON'T GO OUT.
WE DON'T GO TO RESTAURANTS OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT ANYMORE HERE.
WE JUST EAT WITH WHISKEY AND
WITH LULU.
WE HAVE A GOOD TIME."
>> Stephen: WAIT, HE WAS TAKING
THEM TO RESTAURANTS BEFORE?
( AS ARNOLD )
"TABLE FOR THREE, PLEASE.
DO YOU HAVE A HORSE MENU?
NO?
DO YOU HAVE HAY?
THEN THEY WILL JUST HAVE THE
CHICKEN NUGGETS AND I WILL LAUGH
BECAUSE THEY'RE ANIMALS EATING
ANIMALS."
AND THAT WAS MEANWHILE.
THERE'S A LOT MORE SHOW COMING
UP BUT ME AND THE STAFF ARE
GOING ON A PREVIOUSLY SCHEDULED
BREAK FOR A WEEK OR SO.
I'M SURE ALL OF YOU OUT THERE
ARE GOING THROUGH OTHER THINGS
YOU DIDN'T PLAN TO DO.
BUT IF THERE'S ONE GOOD THEY
THINK MIGHT COME OUT OF THIS
CRISIS, IT'S THAT IN THIS
SEEMINGLY DIVIDED NATION PEOPLE
ARE DOING THEIR BEST TO PROTECT
THE COUNTRY'S COLLECTIVE
WELL-BEING.
EVERYWHERE YOU LOOK PEOPLE ARE
LOOKING AFTER EACH OTHER,
REGARDLESS OF WHAT THAT
NEIGHBOR'S POLITICS ARE--
DEMOCRATS REPUBLICAN, SOCIALIST.
IT DOESN'T MATTER RIGHT NOW.
WE CAN STILL DISAGREE ABOUT MANY
THINGS BUT THIS CRISIS HAS
DRIVEN HOME-- LITERALLY HOME--
THE TRUTH THAT THIS IS ONE GREAT
NATION UNITED BY OUR BELIEF IN
AND OUR NEED FOR EACH OTHER AND
REINFORCED MY BELIEF THAT THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE, LIKE ALL
PEOPLE, ARE ESSENTIALLY GOOD AND
ALSO WANT TO KNOW HOW TO DO THE
RIGHT THING.
AND I FOR ONE WANT TO THANK YOU
ALL FOR TUNING IN DURING THESE
LAST FEW VERY STRANGE EPISODES,
WHICH THEMSELVES FEEL LIKE A
NATURAL EXTENSION OF THESE LAST
FEW VERY STRANGE YEARS.
YOU MAY NOT KNOW THIS BUT I RELY
ON YOU SO MUCH.
IF YOU'VE EVER COME TO A LIVE
TAPING OF MY SHOW, EVERY NIGHT I
THANK THE AUDIENCE FOR BEING
THERE AND LET THEM KNOW HOW
IMPORTANT THEY ARE.
I ALWAYS SAY, "OBVIOUSLY, WE DO
THE SHOW FOR YOU, BUT THE SECRET
IS WE ALWAYS DO THE SHOW WITH
YOU."
AND THAT WILL NEVER CHANGE.
WHATEVER COMES AFTER THIS,
WHATEVER IS NEXT, WE'LL BE BACK
SOON TO GO THROUGH ALL OF IT
WITH YOU.
THANKS.
AND STICK AROUND.
THERE'S MORE SHOW.
AND RIGHT NOW, I'D LIKE TO HAND
IT OVER TO MY FRIEND JON
BATISTE.
JON.
♪ ♪ ♪